docs: update api spec according to suggestions from ben (#555)
canonical/pebble: docs/reference/api.md

To access the API endpoints over the Unix socket, use the `--unix-socket` option of `curl`. For example:

```{terminal}

>    :input: curl --unix-socket /path/to/.pebble.socket -XPOST http://localhost/v1/services -d '{"action": "stop", "services": ["svc1"]}'

Reviewer: I think we should consistency use `--long` arguments here (`--request` instead of `-X` and `--data` instead of `-d`). Also, should we drop `-X/--request` given that POST is implied with `-d/--data`?

>    :input: curl --unix-socket /path/to/.pebble.socket -XPOST http://localhost/v1/services -d '{"action": "stop", "services": ["svc1"]}'

Reviewer: Let's also change the host from `localhost` to `_` to clearly show the host is ignore with `--unix-socket`.

{"type":"async","status-code":202,"status":"Accepted","change":"42","result":null}
```

<br />

```{terminal}

>    :input: curl --unix-socket /path/to/.pebble.socket -XGET localhost:4000/v1/changes/42/wait

Reviewer: I think we should drop `-XGET` as it's the default. Also, let's use `http://_/...` for consistency.

> {"type":"sync","status-code":200,"status":"OK","result":{"id":"42","kind":"stop","summary":"Stop service \"svc1\"","status":"Done","tasks":[{"id":"42","kind":"stop","summary":"Stop service \"svc1\"","status":"Done","progress":{"label":"","done":1,"total":1},"spawn-time":"2025-01-10T10:59:53.903366896+08:00","ready-time":"2025-01-10T10:59:53.930409771+08:00"}],"ready":true,"spawn-time":"2025-01-10T10:59:53.903373188+08:00","ready-time":"2025-01-10T10:59:53.930410979+08:00"}}

Reviewer: Do you think we need the whole response here? I think it's better to use `...`, like:

```
{"type":"sync","status-code":200,"status":"OK","result":{...}}
```

As the result isn't interesting or important here (when you're waiting for a known change).

```python
import ops
client = ops.pebble.Client("/path/to/.pebble.socket")

> changeID = client.stop_services(["mysvc"])
> client.wait_change(changeID)

Reviewer: `wait_change` isn't needed here, as the Python client's `stop_services` (and similar) does it automatically. See [here](https://github.com/canonical/operator/blob/cece866bada2d9ada7a240846123a1c67faf48ee/ops/pebble.py#L2242). Let's remove it but mention that explicitly in a comment:
```suggestion
client.stop_services(["mysvc"])  # Python client also waits for change to finish
```

A timestamp is a string in the [RFC 3339](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3339) format with sub-second precision. Here are some examples:

- "1985-04-12T23:20:50.52Z"

> - "1996-12-19T16:39:57-08:00"

Reviewer: Let's add back the nanoseconds, though, as these are included in responses:
```suggestion
- "1996-12-19T16:39:57.123456789-08:00"
```
